[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Upon arrival, Luffy entered
a fighting tournament that
promises the Flame Flame Fruit
to the champion.
Meanwhile, the Toy Soldier
and the Tontatta Tribe
are having a rally
underneath Dressrosa.
Dressrosa SOP!
[DWARVES gasping]
The one who turned us into toys
is a member of
Doflamingo's inner circle.
We'll target them
and shut down the power
of their Hobby Hobby Fruit.
"Hobby Hobby" what?
We simply have
to knock them out.
[gasps] And doing so will
break the spell on the toys?
That's correct!
All of the toys will return
to their human forms--
in the secret factory
and the streets alike!
I see. But we can avoid
a conflict with Trebol
just as long as we
can knock out Sugar.
That's correct! The plan is
to scare her out of her wits
and make her pass out!
Operation...
Sugar! Over-surprised! Panic!
It's you...
It's been a while, hasn't it?
[LUFFY gasping]
[LUFFY] But all this time...
he was out there.
[LUFFY] "Operation SOP Starts!
Usoland Charges Forth!"
[LUFFY]
Ow...
[ZORO] How long are you
gonna keep crying?
[LUFFY]
I can't help it...
[LUFFY sobs]
[KIN'EMON] I've never seen
Sir Luffy shed such
unrelenting tears! He must
be profoundly touched
to find his friend alive
after all this time!
Uh-huh. Yeah.
[ZORO] Why have I never heard
of him? Who is this guy?
[LUFFY]
He's... my brother...
[ZORO]
Huh?! Your brother?
[KIN'EMON]
I was not aware that Sir Luffy
possessed any siblings!
[ZORO] Wait. You're not talkin'
about Ace, are you?
Does that mean he's
still alive, somehow?
All those years ago...!
[ZORO]
Answer my question, damn it!
[inaudible]
[ACE]
We may sail in different seas,
with different crews
on different ships,
but wherever we go and
whatever adventures we have,
we'll always be brothers, and
nobody can take that away.
[LUFFY]
Heh!
From now on, we're honest
to goodness brothers.
Cheers to that!
[laughs] It's just like
Ace said back then,
we all went our separate ways,
but we never stopped
being brothers!
[ZORO]
Okay, but who is this guy?
All right! Is everybody ready?
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[KYROS] We'll sneak into
the underground port
by taking the hidden passage
from our current location.
We should avoid conflict
and aim only for our target,
Sugar!
She may seem harmless,
but she's quite deadly!
All we have to do
is knock her out.
Then every toy in the kingdom
will become human once more!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
After that, we must also free
our captive Tontatta friends
and return King Riku
to power at long last!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
At the lead...
The Yellow Cub Squad!
With the Pink Bee Squad
right at their side!
Onward!
Let's see if you can
keep up with me!
[DWARVES cheering]
There's no turning back now!
Yeah, I know! I mean,
you say that,
and I get it, but the path
forward is kind of, uh...
...narrow.
It's gonna be a tight
squeeze. I think!
How the heck am I gonna fit?
Fraland. Right.
Just disconnect your arms?
And your shoulders, maybe?
'Kay. Arms and shoulders,
off. Yeah, right!
Hey! I'm sure that passage
of yours is real super,
but Me-Land can't fit.
Sorry. We just didn't
build it for big people.
Or for extra-big people.
You'll have to enter through
the Toy House, instead.
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[KYROS] The Toy House is located
at the base of the plateau
that the palace is built on.
That's where the toys must
return to every night.
Humans aren't allowed to enter.
I see. And you call it a "house"
'cause the toys live there?
[KYROS]
No. It's a house in name only.
There are no beds
for sleeping there.
Only a hidden passage,
leading downward to the port.
[FRANKY]
What for?
Without a moments rest,
the toys are forced
underground every night,
and slave away
until the morning comes.
[gasps] So those toys in the
city have to put on a show
all day, after slaving
away all night?
[KYROS] Indeed. Such is
the fate of all those
who Doflamingo captures.
The Tontatta included.
[FRANKY cries] The poor things!
What a cruel fate!
Well, anyway. So you
said Fraland can get to
the SMILE factory
through the Toy House?
Correct. There are four ways in.
However, all of them
are tightly guarded.
[FRANKY] That's suits me
just fine, little buddy.
[KYROS]
Hm?
See, while I'm there,
I'll raise some hell for ya!
Huh?
But aren't we sneaking in?
[FRANKY] You're sneakin' in.
That's the point. Get it?
[KYROS]
Huh?
[FRANKY] While I'm drawin'
everyone's attention,
you slip in all quiet-like
and take down Sugar.
Huh? Who is that weirdo?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Where are his pants?!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
What's wrong with his head?
Does it shoot?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Maybe he's just crazy!
Uh! He's got a triple-chin, too!
Wait a second! We know this guy!
It's Cyborg Franky
from the Straw Hats!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
He's right!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Hey, Señor! Take a look!
Oh, no! Señor!
You can't just bite right
into a tomato like that!
You need a napkin.
It's too juicy!
[WOMAN A shrieks]
[WOMEN]
Oh, Señor!
You're so hard-boiled!
Get off of me, ladies.
That's enough.
You'd be better off
with a man your own age!
But we like you!
Don't turn us away! Señor!
Sorry. I don't... like kids.
[WOMEN]
Ohh! Señor!
[WOMAN A]
Please let us stay, Señor!
[WOMEN]
Please!
Señor!
What the--?
Get a load of that pervert!
[ALL]
You're one to talk!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
Attention! This is the
east entrance to the
Toy House, reporting!
We're under enemy attack!
Knock, knock! Lemme in!
[PIRATES gasping]
[FRANKY]
Weapons left!
Shoot him!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
It's a member of the Straw Hats!
Cyborg Franky is here!
Coup de...
[WOMEN gasp]
[PIRATES whimper]
...Vent!
[PIRATES screaming]
[DOFLAMINGO]
What did I tell you?
Those guys're out of control.
This nation is affiliated
with the World Government.
It's your job to help me.
[FUJITORA]
Excuse me for a moment.
[PIRATES screaming]
The party's starting.
Toy House, huh? Sounds messy.
[laughs] Don't worry!
We already know their objective.
The SMILE Factory!
And you know what happens
if they make it that far?
What?
[TREBOL] We turn them all into
toys! That sound good to you?
[SUGAR]
Mm.
[laughs] They're so clueless!
Dummies! You're our secret!
They sure will be surprised,
won't they?
I guess so.
[KYROS] We're almost at
the trade port. Get ready!
[USOPP]
Sorry to impose.
Nah, we don't mind one bit!
It's no trouble to help
our hero, Usoland!
[BOTH]
We're honored!
[chuckles]
Commander! It's Fraland!
He's wreaking havoc at the
Toy House, just as promised!
Got it!
See, while I'm there,
I'll go raise some hell for ya!
I hope he stays safe.
He'll be fine!
Fraland's a super
cyborg, after all!
[KYROS]
Be that as it may,
I just received word that four
of the Family executives
have been sent to guard
the Toy House!
[USOPP]
Is that bad?
They are fearsome,
skilled fighters.
All members of
the Diamante Army.
They're strong, huh?
They're the biggest stars
in the whole coliseum!
In fact, in all the matches
that they've fought,
they've never lost once.
And that goes for
all four of them, too.
That's a heck of a record.
Aren't the fighters
in the coliseum
supposed to be tough, though?
[KYROS] They are.
Which means one thing...
[FRANKY yelling]
[KYROS] We still don't know
the true limits
of our enemy's strength.
Heh. This Franky guy's tough,
but he doesn't notice Señor
coming up from behind!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
[SEÑOR]
Are you blind, or just stupid?
Huh? Listen. No hiding in
the pavement on my watch!
Now how 'bout a Strong Right?
[PIRATES screaming]
[ALL] Why the hell did you
swim out in front of him?
He was done for!
[WOMEN]
Señor Pink!
[SEÑOR] Why would I challenge
the enemy head-on, you ask?
'Cause there's only
one thing a man does
behind someone else's back.
And that's unzipping
a lady's dress for her.
[WOMEN]
Oh! Señor! So hard boiled!
Of course, the only time
a man stands in front...
...is when he's stealing
a kiss from a lady's lips.
[WOMEN]
Oh! You're too much!
[ALL]
Oh, Señor. You're so manly!
"Manly"? You guys
are super stupid! Huh?
You're creepin' me out.
Your power is weird!
So, just how many tough
guys are we up against?
There's ten executives,
each leading 2,000 men,
spread out across
the entire kingdom.
Then, there's three
top executives
that stand above even them.
Each of three command their
own army, with unique features.
First, the Trebol Army members
all have special abilities.
[LEO]
Like, Sugar!
Violet!
[LEO]
And Giolla!
Next, there's the Diamante Army,
consisting of strong fighters.
Like Lao G.!
Machvise!
Señor Pink!
[LEO]
And Dellinger!
And then, there's Pica--
with his commando unit.
[LEO]
He commands Gladius!
Buffalo and Baby 5!
Yeah, we fought with those
last two before we got here.
And they were tough.
[inaudible]
There's two more who
are operating overseas.
Another top exec: Vergo.
And a regular exec: Monet.
Okay, but our only target
is Sugar, right?
She's from the team
with the special powers?
[LEO]
Mm. That's right!
[sighs]
[USOPP] So we don't
have to face the team
with all the strong fighters!
That's on Franky!
That team may be the most
deadly of them all!
[grunts] Why'd you
have to tell me that?
[CROWD cheering]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
Meadows is done for!
[CROWD chattering]
[GYATS] And he took a whole
bunch of competitors with him!
Rebecca is really
whittling them down!
But after teaming up
with Agilia,
she's even less
popular than usual!
Surely someone has the
power to take her down!
[GYATS]
Suleiman the Beheader steps up!
Will his deadly blade
find its mark?
Or will Rebecca prevail again
with her Back-to-
the-Water Dance?
[SULEIMAN grunts]
[REBECCA yells]
[REBECCA gasps]
Rebecca!
[GYATS] Ah! He fended off
her signature technique!
We've made it!
[LEO]
Oh, no! I'm sorry, Usoland!
Thank you.
[MALE DWARF B]
My pleasure!
Are you ready?
We're in the enemy base.
The factory is right over there.
Oh, yeah?
Well, that would explain
all the factory noise.
[ROBIN gasps]
All right, I'm heading
straight for the palace.
You can handle Sugar.
Roger! We won't fail!
[KYROS] I'm coming for you,
Doflamingo!
I swear I'll take you down,
even if it kills me!
[whirring]
That must be coming
from above, right?
[PIRATE B] Hey, who dropped
this box? Pull it together!
[PIRATE C]
Aw, it fell on top of a toy.
[TOY MAN B]
I... I'm sorry!
I'll keep working!
Just let me see my family!
[PIRATE B]
Your family?!
The only thing you're gonna
see is the scrap heap!
Now take 'im away!
[TOY MAN B]
Anything but that!
I can still make my quota!
Have mercy!
[whimpering]
Over here.
Robin, did you--?
Shh! Just look.
[USOPP]
Hm?
[TOY MEN groaning]
You're in for it now!
[whimpering]
If you don't like it,
we'll just do business
with someone else!
You know that is a rotten deal!
I'd clean your clock,
if it wasn't for Joker!
[USOPP]
What the hell is this place?
They-- They've got a whole
port city down here!
[NARRATOR] The toy soldier
races toward Doflamingo
while Rebecca struggles
valiantly in the colosseum.
With their thoughts of one
another keeping them strong,
both warriors do
their best to survive.
However, the weary
Rebecca finds herself
in grave danger when Suleiman
unleashes his
overwhelming poxwer!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Burning Passion!
Rebecca vs. Suleiman!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!